everybody welcome back it's the binding
of issac have you heard of this game
jeez came out of nowhere
six years ago and we're back we're
playing we did not just do an Iran
literally in the last run let's do the
rare northernlion go check goes to check
this would be this episode right here
hey everybody welcome back and on the
line plays The Binding of Isaac an
afterbirth plus we're playing pretty
well guys sounds like a frickin idiot
but we've also knows Judas laughter I
was two runs ago in which we had that
Eva anyway here's our seed FMF eh oh
just fudge my fudge and apple what did
you think I was going to say three l4g
you ever get 4G on your telephone these
days I don't the way I'm going with this
bit we have LTE like everywhere in
Vancouver when I went home a couple of
places I know it's the indignity but I
got 4G and I'm like why are these gifts
loading very slightly more slowly this
is an outrage of the highest order that
I can't possibly comprehend room I don't
know how long I think because you know I
think it's got a lot of mechanics to
learn alright and a lot of it is like
edge case but now manushya like oh once
every 100 item rooms you get a choice of
items and once every 300 item rooms you
get two items guaranteed that I looked
at this and I said which one of these
two would I rather have when in reality
I should have looked at it and said
suite 2 items that are both kind of not
that good it might seem like I'm coming
across negatively here that's not my
intention you know I'm not intended to
be a negative person here when you get
two items I'll admit little Gertie is
not that bad shows off the physics
engine of the game to the highest
possible order obviously and beyond that
the run is actually fine because of you
know
first off two items even if they weren't
that good that's better than average and
oh I bet we can sneak that in there he
goes over top of the rocks we got a
spectral dirty dude that's actually like
probably not worth that much but still
interesting to think about on a room
like this normally you've got to you
know really get your hands dirty now
mind you the real problem is that dirty
does like next to no damage but oh we
almost had it
he's mad are you like sincerely I just
need you to actually murder anything at
all really okay you guys are all in a
line this is perfect just get low went
on the flow so let the kids know when I
bus parental discretion is a must that's
a little known from Straight Outta
Compton
it Straight Outta Compton so it's a
weird album because everybody remembers
you know the obvious ones off of it you
know forget the police come and straight
out the underground and then various
other lyrics I wouldn't deign to say on
the show okay I like that a lot I would
love to get some bombs here but it also
has like and of course F the police wait
sorry I'm thinking I'd said F the police
twice there's also straight out of
Compton in which again Ice Cube
threatens to eat a police officer which
is like a far cry from where he exists
in his career at this day and age in the
20 X Jump Street movies but anyway down
to the next floor there's also some
weird like late 80s early 90s like
salt-n-pepa's style dance club bangers
attempted on there is really like a
strange menagerie of cultural aspects
from that time period anyway I don't
know I was like 2 when it came out so
what do I know about the time period
obviously we're going to be using a
razor blade now they've gotten a little
bit more HP the run is starting to pop I
never I think internalized that Eve has
2.63 damage if you don't get a Whore of
Babylon to pop it basically sets you
back like one
extra damage upgrade from where you
would like to go that's going to hurt
from where you would like to be most of
the time on a spawn is what I mean so it
would be swell if we could you know mix
this situation up a little bit it also
might be nice if we could get like a
single bomb I do want to use the razor
blade but I kind of want to save it
until a room that warranted and I think
this room warrants it if we play our
cards right we might be able to use High
Priestess to get that tinted rock but
there's also an explosive champion here
regardless so if we can just like kill
him last or at least kill him in a
productive fashion I'll be happy with
that come on
slicker we're not buying schedule or
anything like that but it's a weird
start just in terms of like oh my god
dead bird screwed me it's a weird start
just in terms of like the lack of pace
at which we can kill these enemies kind
of like a million percent my own fault
for starting at or keeping myself below
the Whore of Babylon state but so be an
acid baby merely okay anyway I thought
I'd I've been grasping at tangents here
I've been trying to figure out you know
what I'm going to talk about in these
episodes there's no planning surprise
surprise that goes into these Isaac
episodes I kind of like to figure it out
on the fly you know it's it's very much
like a the way I approach it from a
philosophical standpoint which is a word
that is way too large for the you know
manner of situation in which we're
discussing here let's go back for the
attempted rock um it's like a natural
organic conversation you know I like to
tease some threads out and then see how
they look and feel after after you talk
about them for a minute I went to the
movies last night this is a true story I
know it's hard to believe but I went to
the movies last night would you see
advanced screening of spider-man
homecoming nope not that important like
I'm not important enough to get the
radio station to give me free tickets to
that I promise you yeah we can make do
with take
it's not the way we should have done it
but it's not a huge deal and both of
these are great um obviously you saw a
baby driver right now I should've gotten
that I can fly after that no I didn't
see baby driver
Wonder Woman then you've been talking
about seeing it you know you said some
not so nice things about the DC
Cinematic Universe and now you're gonna
you know finally give them a chance nope
that's your assuming I'm a bigger person
than I actually am I saw guardians of
the galaxy to which has been in theaters
for like two months but we finally saw
it and we're kind of like I wouldn't say
we're Marvel super fans like sometimes I
go to the Marvel Studios subreddit which
is the subreddit for all things Marvel
and I go I don't know what these people
are talking about whenever any good news
happens everyone goes praise Feige and I
go alright so I know that he's like the
executive producer on these movies but I
didn't know he was like the brainchild
you know he's like the J Bennett from
the Yankee Hotel Foxtrot era of Wilco
see that's a reference that as I was
making it I was like this is not gonna
really be that universally understood
and that's my fault that should have
been a more accessible reference it's
like that one guy from The Hold Steady
with the moustache and then they left
the band they came out with another
album and you're like ass it's not quite
the same without the roar and piano
kicks that might even be less of an
accessible reference I'm sorry I'm
trying to work backwards here anyway but
I like the Marvel movies I also I
understand why people turn up their nose
of them because there's some extent
they're very safe but they're also like
I don't I kind of see the Marvel movies
as like a sports car is like I whenever
I watch it at this point and this is how
you know I'm too old to be into
superheroes I don't watch it and go like
oh I wonder how they're going to put fan
outs in this upcoming movie I watch this
and I go oh my god who were the project
managers on this because this is like a
four hundred million dollar project with
people who are at like the height of
their careers
like you're not we're not just talking I
think we can we can't get over there
wait a minute no I do have empty vessel
I just need to lose HP to make it work
that's correct okay you know we're not
just talking actors talking special
effects the agents of the actors
caterers you know working with the
people at the the studio Lots and stuff
like there's a staggering amount of
administration that goes into making a
movie like this and then beyond that the
actual you know talent it's it's just a
staggering project to kind of conceive
of so I watch it and there's a scene
where there's like at this is not a
spoiler but the opening scene of the
movie is effectively like an action set
piece with the soundtrack from the 1970s
overtop of it and like the huge CGI
that's happening up close and personal
and then also more of it happening in
the background and how like this is like
incredible just on a logistics level
that you you basically spent like
probably like 20 to 30 million dollars
well I don't know that let's be honest
but you spent upwards of several million
dollars on what is effectively like 90
seconds of entertainment that's
incredible
like and and also the movie itself was
pretty okay I got to be honest it's
probably the least I've enjoyed a Marvel
film people by the way I hate they say
it got to be honest before giving their
opinion it's not like you know I'm
assuming that I'm right I know a lot of
people really like guardians of the
galaxy too but a lot of people are the
same criticisms that I'm about to say
it's probably the least
I've enjoyed Marvel Studios films since
maybe I don't know like The Avengers 2
or Ant Man which I both also thought
were like pretty good but not certainly
not quite like Civil War level Logan
level of course but anyway the point is
I thought it was pretty good but that's
about it I think I'm going to stick with
the razor blade because let's be honest
Krampus his head is just sort of boring
at this point but there's more to this
theater story first off movies been in
theaters for like seven weeks we went
inside 10/10 show
late although I guess you know school's
out and we live in a major city
relatively speaking
oh you think Vancouver's a major city
well I live in kowloon walled city in
downtown Hong Kong and I'm okay see like
I just I'm trying to nip the armchair
you know demographic studies in the back
here or in the but I should say theater
was packed
unbelievably packed even the people were
sitting in the front rows I was amazed
it was cheap night Tuesdays it only
costs you an arm to go see it wait let's
do that in the Jay Leno voice hey Kevin
do you hear that
they're instituting cheap nights at AMC
theaters across the country
oh yeah Jay yeah turns out if you want
to go see a movie on Tuesdays it'll just
cost you a leg a leg
Alaura okay you get the idea
packed and then also I saw one of the
wives let me let me turn this into a bit
so I immediately when I walk into a
movie theater I look for my nemesis and
I found them but they weren't nemesis
they were nemesis because there were two
of them it was two guys and I'm gonna be
honest you look like oh my god Epps and
nasty I'm excited you look like my kind
of demographic like you you look like
there's a decent you probably don't
watch me but you probably look down on
people that watch markiplier that's what
I'm saying just from a from a numbers
standpoint you probably have absolutely
no idea who I am and that's fine but you
look like the kind of people who would
know something about what's going on
with YouTube you're the kind of people
would be like hey did you see like you
know
sips video last week and that's not
meant as a shot at all better content
creator than myself I'm not taking epic
fetus that's tempting
so if but if you do know who I am and
you hear this recognize that my entire
purpose in life is to turn social
slights that are minor into bits that
you know spin them out to be a little
bit more major so everybody gets their
turn on the guillotine no no one more so
than myself but anyway they were student
right next to us and when we were
walking up to get to our seats the Star
Wars Episode 8 trailer was playing and
as soon as the music went down and they
went hear the music or this is the the
Lucasfilm splash came up
and it goes very returned and they
really loudly went oh it's Spaceballs
too and then they laughed like beavis
and butt-head and then the other one
that was with him said may the Schwartz
be with you and I said to myself man you
guys are way too much like me when I was
19 and as a result I hate you but those
guys ended up being like a mini-boss I
didn't even realize they'd watch the
movie relatively quietly they were
having a fun time and I don't begrudge
them their their nice date together see
that was a joke that was steeped in
ignorance but at the same time it felt
good to say ah now you can have a
mandate there's nothing special
governments get all the time apparently
but what I'm trying to say here is then
there's a lady dead center of the
theater Primo's seat right we got to
show up early so we can get those seats
she's on her cellular telephone during
the trailers not okay in my book but I'm
not a monster
I've recognized the trailers are not the
movie you might have some you know
circumstances in your life that warrants
you being on the telephone for an extra
minute or two maybe you're like hey I
got to go the movies starting like good
you know text me when you land or
something like that you know or you know
let me know what the doctor says you
know these are important texts that can
happen you like life finds away right
Marvel Studios logo comes up lights dim
cellular telephone still on you know the
actors are engaged in a little bit of a
flashback scene we're two minutes into
the movie cellular telephones still on
like bright and in the middle of the
theater and then somebody just after on
the shoulders the guys got to the point
is like five minutes in the movie she's
like a 12 rose up for me I just want to
point out it was not my responsibility
somebody else was closer but oh that's
going to hurt somebody just tapped her
on the shoulder and I can only imagine
that they said are you out of your you
know F in mine just put the phone away
you psycho and then she put the phone
but she did look back after that as if
to be like I'm going to remember your
face honestly if we had thrown down in
that theater if we had been drafted into
the United Nations Army and they're like
hey we're going to ship you off to
Pyongyang right now I would have been
like I want that guy to be my commanding
officer I don't know
anybody else in this freaking theater
except for the Schwartz guys but at the
same time by the way clever joke Wow is
in Star Wars like space balls I remember
the first time I heard that in the movie
space balls which was you know
deliberately designed to be a parody of
the Star Wars these various ism you know
everybody's aware of space balls now if
you had been like oh I hope Reb Browns
in this one I would have been like you
know what these are my people and then
also don't go for the long laugh like
you don't they yell your joke if your
jokes good just let it blossom there for
you and your friend you're there for
your friend okay you're not there to be
comedians for the whole theater again
this movie costs no no it's not
necessary
this movie costs like four hundred
million dollars to make how you paid $10
to be in here who do you think I'd
rather listen to the may the Schwartz be
with you guys or the you know the team
of writers who've gotten like 14
consecutive over 80 percents on Rotten
Tomatoes I'm not saying that necessarily
means they're the greatest filmmakers of
all time just said you know I didn't buy
a ticket to to 19 year old dudes crack
jokes anyway but there's still only the
second where's people in the theater and
they seem to have a good time without
irritating anybody else which I
appreciate at least after the trailers
in the trailers dude that's like the we
have this thing in Canada called the
young offenders act at least in Ontario
which is basically like as long as your
crimes not particularly heinous your
crimes like you know vandalism or
something like that or you know minor
assault if you're under the age of like
17 you can't be charged for it I don't
know if we should even take this HP at
this point but I'm gonna we still have
two point six three damage unfortunately
wait I still have razor blade why I've
gotten to off on this on this tangent
here
Wow what a bummer but the point is no I
don't have razor blade I got rid of it
for Gabby's head that's right the point
is that the trailers are the young
offenders act of the movie theater
behavior laws that I will plan if you
vote me in won't be eligible for 2020 so
maybe like twenty thirty for assuming we
don't end up on an odd year election
cycle for whatever reason twenty thirty
four and yes I am talking about the
American leadership after Canada takes
you over which any day now
but the point is if you're as long as
you're not yelling or like defecating
yourself during the trailers no problem
doesn't bother me once the movie starts
that's where we enter like you know
should be quiet as a mouse except it's a
laugh and even then you can't laugh too
loudly all right it's Skype corner what
do we got oh there tab he's talking
about dead cells so I don't know if I
it's not like it's sensitive information
but bear said he's had these like 15 to
20 minute dead cells episodes he's had
trouble posting because they're bad and
I'm not saying that because I think
they're bad I'm saying because he told
me that but I can relate to that I've
had a lot of dead cells episodes I had
to can because I did poorly but it's the
problem it's not it's not a huge problem
by the way terrible damage don't talk to
me or my damage ever again we're not
taking that we got to get to the Whore
of Babylon state because it's getting
ridiculous here somehow we're still
going to make boss rush whether or not
we want to is another thing that remains
to be seen and I mean that told me
everything I think I needed to know
about the straw there it didn't even
kill those flies in one hit so I'm not
interested although I do like it mostly
I don't think it's a huge problem with
dead cells game design but it well it is
a problem that tells us a problem with a
lot of rogue lights let's put it that
way but you either like a lot of your
run success is based on how quickly you
can get decent equipment and the same
goes for Isaac you know most of the
losses that I get an Isaac are well yes
sure that horrifying room
and why not that horrifying room with
all the TNT that I guess you're just
supposed to walk directly straight down
in as soon as you see it and then you
will not die which is very nice but then
it's like I firmly believe that in
almost every I succeed like literally in
99% of my succeeds there's a win nestled
in there and probably even more than 99%
and I'm not using 99% as a shorthand I'm
genuinely thinking like there might be
one in a hundred Isaac runs that if you
got like God mode enabled you would get
to the end of the run and be like
there's no way you could win this one
occasional like super trainwreck happens
admittedly well we might not make boss
rush actually but the most of the losses
that I have lately at least happened
because we just don't get to that point
fast enough I almost want to just take
blue candle because our damage is so bad
we're going to get a deal with the devil
but if it's Krampus we could go like
three floors without without getting
another deal with the devil if we ever
get one actually if we get Krampus right
here we're not guaranteed another deal
and then we need three hearts of deals
out of it anyway so I'm not going to say
it's unlikely it'll happen but it is
potentially likely it won't happen but
he would some easements actually helped
me out a great deal there but dead cells
is exactly the same if you can get like
a couple of early scrolls and give
yourself HP upgrades and then you get
equipment that's not terrible you're
kind of off to the races but most of the
time anyway
I'm also far from a dead cells expert
but once we crack the code once we crack
the code they released a new update that
you know scramble the Enigma machine
again that's why you're not supposed to
let them know that you crack the code
haven't you seen the imitation game
starring Marvel Studios own Benedict
Cumberbatch great movie
oh this is really good okay so start
like this we're going to give up some
spirit hearts here and I think it's
totally worth it still totally worth it
especially with Nine Lives coming up
there we go
potato peeler so all right we're going
to miss basarov Basara stays open I
think we want to make sure that we're in
the Whore of Babylon state so first
we're going to take the nail and use it
and then we're going to take this know
the first thing to take this it's six of
one half a dozen of the other but we'll
take spirit hearts for this because then
it gives us an easy play a potato peeler
to get us to a second level of that then
I think we'll go with the nail boss rush
did not stay open I was incorrect but
still an interesting turn of events
there sure we could have used potato
peeler a little bit more frequently if
we died a lot and I do like that but if
I have tricked you into thinking that
this run is great I have done myself a
disservice because it is still kind of a
little wonky not saying it's a loss it
actually looks more and more like a win
you know with each passing floor here
which is the way you want it but if
certainly I don't think it's a
guaranteed win we got six point two six
damage and like a quarter of our damage
upgrades are accounted for by the
freaking potato peeler of all things so
come on come on
well a spirit art pays for us to be here
at least and infested you know it gives
us a little bit of love I am I'm
somewhat passionate about movie theater
etiquette because there's no excuse
there was an excuse when I was younger
not that I like I've always been pretty
well-behaved in theaters you know who
hasn't always been well-behaved in
theaters Michael al Fox I'm not going to
blow him up too much but he's been a
movie theater talker from time to time
situations movie theater talker and we
had to you know tap them on the shoulder
and be like yellow dude come on
you're gonna cause that reflects poorly
on all of us like you're judged as a
group if somebody in your group is
talking to you both people are going to
get judged and perhaps rightly so you
know it keeps people in line anyway but
now you know movies come out digitally
so quickly and there are other means to
watch them and also just like everybody
knows that I don't know like every time
I see someone with their phone out
checking a text in the movie theater I'm
tempted to be well I'm not tempted
anymore because I'm older but you know
I'd be like you know I'll blow up your
spot right now I'm a mid-tier youtuber I
could get you judged in the court of
public opinion the main thing stopping
me is that a that doesn't adhere to my
ideal of Justice which is you know
you're innocent until proven guilty and
everybody deserves clemency and mercy up
to a point and the other one is that I
know as soon as I did that I would be
the guy who's like put your phone away
and then they'd be like my mom's in the
hospital
dick it's just the 28th Marvel movie
that's come out this year what's so
important and I'd be like ok you know
what you got a good point I lost sight
of the more important things in life and
I apologized as a result of that it
would it would reflect badly on me is
what I'm trying to say well dude we just
did not get a deal with the devil here
we're now I mean the speed upgrade is
fine six point two six damage is not
going to be anything to write home about
the real danger of this run right now is
that I'm so small thanks to these you
know meme pills that I can't easily see
when I take damage and as a result I
especially with curse of the unknown
like the ad on the last floor I had no
idea how much damage we have taken
anyway oh jeez like that was a bad
example because I shouldn't have been
there in the first place
thanks for the half spirit heart though
much appreciated but I don't I guess
it's like a rite of passage I feel like
how often if I'm going to make the
assumption and this is a broad
assumption but I'm gonna make the
assumption I am NOT that normal person
when it comes to this issue and you or
maybe a normal person that applies to
everybody listening to this how often do
you get annoyed with other patrons when
you go to a movie theater because for me
it's actually like I'd say at least 75%
of the time I leave the theater being
like the movie was good but some of the
people were jerks like the first it was
two years ago but we saw Mad Max and we
had assigned seats because they're you
know in the wall over got me so we win
we had assigned seats so you know the
whole point of having assigned seats is
if you're like me and you want to avoid
having to look for a seat you just get
an assigned seat and then you go this is
my seat I'm going to sit here and like
we sat down in our assigned seats and
then these people sat down next to us
and we're like is anybody sitting here
and we're like duh do you know a theater
you're in because this is assigned seats
and they're like you know well we'll
just wait and see if somebody comes here
because these seats are pretty good and
then they pull out like a bottle of wine
from their backpack and just start like
passing them back and forth between them
now I'm not going to say I'm a
completely innocent individual it may or
may not have done similar things during
this college days but on the other hand
you know wait till you're in your
regular seats because then during the
trailers the people whose seats it were
who seats it was came back and we're
like hey those are our seats and they're
Oh Britt do we must do we misread our
ticket sorry oh you're here in 41 J you
know you get the idea I don't want any
of this who cares I don't really want to
fight hush with 4hp either that's like
the only way we could ruin this run so
that's one example but it's not it's not
that bad you know people always say like
I don't like to watch kids movies in the
theater because kids I don't like
watching movies with toddlers basically
I
finding dory opening day and that was a
very pleasant movie-going experience did
kids go like whoo you know yeah it's a
freakin kids movie it's like I want to
go on the roller coaster but I don't
want anybody to shout I just want to
experience the thrill of the g-forces as
the artist intended like that's snobby
and kind of ridiculous to me the worst
people in theaters I'm saying this as
somebody who recently matriculated at
era well that's not true the worst
people in theaters are just jerks
I'm not going to ascribe an age group to
it but I will say the era in which most
of my friends were the most jerkish in
movie theaters was definitely like
between the ages of 18 and 25 and
alcohol may have been a factor in a lot
of those situations but now I live in
Vancouver so instead of alcohol it's
probably cannabis not there's anything
wrong with that
or either for that matter but I'll give
me a kid's movie with kids in the
theater over like a Marvel movie like
two days after opening night because if
you're packed and if you're in the movie
like you're full of the comic book fans
that are there they bought two tickets
in advance they woke up at like you know
4:00 a.m. to line up for it that's a
cool experience that's a good
environment it's like being first in
line for pax or something like that I
can understand that if you're into it
like three days later when people are
like I don't really care about
spider-man but let's go see spider-man
and then they start singing along with
the spider-man theme song or something
that get that out of here guess what I'm
getting at like a it's the same with
airplanes dude people always are like a
life's hard by the way you're supposed
to drop the left hand before you come
here that's my bad to an extreme degree
but I'm in full tangent mode because
we're gonna win this run fairly easily
so at this point it's like a you know
let's get over it by the way I am
entering like the - realm clearly
but just like a baby on the flight the
first couple of times I flew when there
was a baby behind me it's like oh there
should be a special airline just for
babies because I they cried for the
whole 45 minutes of my flight from
Burbank to Los Angeles it was crazy now
I'm like I have sympathy when I get our
sympathy for the mother because the
mother is like everybody on this flight
judging me for having a baby and I have
sympathy or that were the father for
that matter you know it shows my
antiquated ideals I guess then I also
have sympathy for the baby because the
baby is like I don't know anything and
like my ears are popping and I'm
traveling at 700 kilometers an hour
right now like baby's brain doesn't
understand what's going on there of
course it's going to cry some adults cry
on airplanes and they go like I don't
want to be here you know I'm then it's
actually not me for once but well it
depends you know if I'm watching Toy
Story 3 I'll consider it but the people
I get annoyed with on airplanes nowadays
are adults who are like and there's no
rules in the sky I'm just going to take
my shoes off like on my flight to
Ontario i sat next to a dude who was
like 80 and it's not his fault he's 80
but I was actually just amazed
first off shoes off the whole flight
okay I mean I don't I've talked about
this on the N LSS I don't respect that I
don't think you should have to wear a
suit to fly but I think you should at
least keep your shoes on because it
traps the odor and if you go like oh my
feet don't stink then I'm like okay
first stuff probably wrong I say the
people in that most recent NLS s
discussion were like I don't brush my
teeth or my breath doesn't smell bad and
I'm like you should get like an
impartial observer to tell you that then
I'll believe you if I can hire an
arbiter then I will believe whatever
they say even if it flies in the face of
like you know a hundred years of dental
hygiene advances but anyway plus it's
due is 80 everything smells when you're
80 I'm 28 some of my stuff starting to
smell and I'm like it shouldn't smell I
showered recently mother Nature doesn't
care okay it's just the way it is I had
to shave my ear here the other day
I'm 28 years old
give me some idea I looked in the mirror
and I was like I got like Woody Allen's
hair from Annie Hall coming out of my
ears anyway this is I digress shoes off
the whole flight for about an hour
straight first off you look at the map
the whole flight I mean we don't have
time to go off on this tangent I don't
like it though because it's like leaving
the clock very visible the entire school
day you want the clock to be invisible
so who you forget about the passage of
time and thus it gives you the
perception of landing faster but in
first off also two five hour flight dude
you're just going to stare at the map
for five hours regardless the second
thing is at one point this man is like
an octogenarian septage anarion at best
he put his feet up on the seat the back
of the seat that was in front of us like
he was in stirrups at the gynecologists
office and then put his head between his
knees I was like this is a yoga I guess
he's just called a yogi at that point he
looked like a normal 80 year old he got
into like the full Lotus pose I was a
bee spread himself open like a flower
petal I was stunned but also at the same
time I was like you should know better
when a kid goes like mommy the airplane
smells like fire I'm like that kids an
idiot I'm not if they took an adult
level IQ test they would get like double
digits right I'm not trying to insult
them it's just you're all right it's
you're okay to be an idiot if you're
eight there's nothing wrong with it if
you're 80 put your shoes on you know
there's other people around you anyway
guardians of the galaxy - oh you're like
a seven seven and a half thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the episode if
you did click the like button help set a
great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time